Added MIT License File (#867)
livewire/livewire: README.md

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

## License

> Copyright © 2019-2020 Caleb Porzio and contributors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copyright © Caleb Porzio
```

> Licensed under the MIT license, see [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Laravel Livewire is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE.md).
```
